# Introduction 
This project was born out of an attempt to build a generic Terraform dpeloyment frameworks and modules for use in production/test deployment environments.

As a consultant,i would have to spend substantial time designing a framework for my customers to use ( who would for the most part were new to Azure-TF and were struggling with getting started on a stable , cleam and expandable code base ). I used the learnings from many such projects and created a framework that i could carry as a generic guidance and help customers integrate their requirments into it, rather than building something from scratch. This approach also allowed my customers to simply fetch an updated code base from Github and keep their code base updated with the learnings and fixes I integrate my learnings into this framework.

This framework follows a specific set of naming convention more closely aligned with Hashicorp's standard for resource definition.
This code base attempts to keep the code as dry as possible (without using 3rd party solutions ), while allowing input parameters fed purely via the means of variable files (Variable files can be hand written or generated by a configuration management system of choice).
As someone told me some time back "A Dry code means a cleaner statefile !!!". And never underestiame the importance of a clean state file.

Salient features
  1. "Lego Block" approach. Each module is built around a single or dependent resources ( like Virtual network or Virtual network + subnet + subnet configuration )
  2. Modular - You can add and remove modules as per your requirments. Complex modules can call "Lego" modules and build complex scenarios.
  3. Deploy single foundational resources or build complex structures. Each Lego module covers almost all configuration properties exposed by Provider (at the time of writing )
  4. Directory based versioning, modules can be versioned locally to preserve state file data and code integrity if required ( by using old modules to maintain compatibility )
  5. Modules are designed to either operate independently or can work with output of different modules to allow easy resource look up. ( example : module for subnet using output of module Virtual network, or module for subnet using name and resourcegroup to automatically fetch resource data object )
  6. Provision for multi provider. Currently framework is built for Azure, but allows additional Providers to be plugged in with minimal changes.


Current Limitations 
  1. In case of Azure , currently only supports single Subscription deployment at a time. This will change in future release with added planned functionality.
  2. Partner ID and backend has to be written in manually at the time of deployment.


# Getting Started
To get started 
1.	Clone the repository
2.	Create a TFVars file or use a sample file given in "workloads" directory.
3.	modify provider.tf and backend.tf file in Workloads\Infrastructure\1.0 directory
4.	Run Terraform Init, Plan & Apply
5.	Grab a coffee, sit back, relax and enjoy the various lines of successful deployment confirmations.

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Contribute
Due to the ludicrous speed at which cloud provider extensions are updated and additional configuration properties are exposed, there will come a time when the module code base becomes out dated (example : AzureRM provider does not currently a.t.w supports Manual QOS configuration for Azure NetApp volumes, but this may change very soon ). In this case, please open an issue. 
You are also welcome to submit a pull request with your own changes that can enhance this tool chain for the entire community to use.

If you want to learn more about creating good readme files then refer the following [guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/create-a-readme?view=azure-devops). You can also seek inspiration from the below readme files:
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)
